It is our blessing to know the eldest lady
Yesterday, we rode in a Rolls Royce.
Today, I'm going to the Michelin restaurant again.
Hey, miss, are we taking that intern?
There was no room for luxury cars last night
Did you catch the last bus?
Look at your classmates and see you miserable every day
Come to dinner with us today
Oh, miss, you are so kind, bumpkin
It's too ugly to eat later.
Save some face for our eldest lady
Okay, then I'll thank the eldest lady first
Pick up the trash first, I'll call the cleaning
Wait a minute.
I'm asking you to pick it up with your hands
What, don't you understand human language? Pick it up
Don't delay our meal
I didn't fall.
Later, eat my drink my
Are you so reluctant to let you do some work now?
You have the lowest status here.
If you still want to intern here
Just store it honestly for me.
Look at his arrogance
I don't know, I thought he was the eldest lady
Does he deserve the real lady here?
Order whatever you want to eat later, I want to eat shredded radish
How can I have such a group of blind people?
Blind colleague
Hello, welcome.
Do you have an appointment?
I still have to make an appointment for dinner
I miss the eldest lady of the Ye family
You should be immune
Of course.
Miss Ye is the super supreme VIP of our store.
Great lady
Hurry up and get your super supreme VIP.
Show this ignorant waiter
Ah, I came out in a hurry and forgot to bring it.
Then you can give our boss a call.
How do I have your boss's phone number?
Don't you say you are the eldest lady of the Ye family?
Our boss is your cousin.